Hello again.
So if you remember when we try to migrate a machine that is a local start of a host and want to use
the emotion only you get an error message and you don't see any other.
Yes I Haast But no when we use our virtual machine that use an external or a shedid splash and try to
migrate to our machine right there.
No.
If we chose to change the computer resource only that information and click next.
No you will see all the different Holst's that is available to Magri traits.
So if we check out number three compatible check successfully.
Number two is number one.
That's it.
Also if you want to migrate a victory machine from a cluster to another cluster we simply click on the
cluster and we check the different cluster.
Right.
Then of course we to see the cluster later.
But no we work on the House level all day and decem will be for the cluster.
So if we chose any of those hosts the compatibility is sexy.
That's mean we can migrate this machine from the resource of Isak's I want to do Tressel's of the E6
2 and 3 of course all those E6 I should be able to read do shit storage that have this Vertretung machine
inside it.
That's mean the last one and this condition is really over.
So it shows he asks I'm number two we click next then we choose the VM in its work destination.
That's me.
This machine connected to a VM network to host one and will be migrated to do them and it will work.
It's the same name that's me.
The other has to have the same name.
If we have any other VM network that's not part group for your machine.
You will see a list of the different parts going to write and then you pick up a new one and check the
compatibility with that one.
So this is another thing.
We migrate the machine from the minute walk to another theme network.
So we click next day we have option to schedule when we shine with highest priority on.
That's me.
Is the height resouce of the spew of this environment or is that center to do.
Give priority to this task to migrate this machine from the host Isak's I wan to the host Isak's I talk
so much in reserve hides spews Gillooly a preference relative to normal priority migration.
The mission of my complaint more quickly and do skiddoo regular motion.
Reserves that lower Skibbereen preference relative to hide the migration.
You can extend the mission duration so as we have a simple log we don't have any problem.
And of course information about the risk of migration if you have some problem we is X I number but
what I do want to begin is other other machines other host you need to use the highest priority to do
the job before any problem happen to do house number one.
So if we click next to seat option a quick view challenge computer resouce leave him on the original
storage.
That's a quick idea.
That's me.
We do the motion of the resource of the brain of the virtual machine that can win xp.
And before then the host destination is Isak's.
I can but talk network network with a.
That's me.
We don't change anything from them.
It's what an emotion is right.
So we click Finish Let's see.
That's me.
We still have the machine about it on the machine still work better.
They.
If we run the machine like that.
We see that the machine still work without any problem.
And when you see it will go faster than the storage because the stores move all the data.
But no it's only more resource so well wait onto the end of it.
So as you see the virtual machines still work perfectly.
No.
As you see we have the same back and do mission accomplished successfully.
So you back right here you see Windows XP gone from Isak's.
I wonder if we checked is excite you will see that we have to win xp still.
Power it on inside is.
I number two perfectly.
So next we'll see.
Another the motion of the stars and the resource.
So soon the next.